README.md, before:



Apache Cordova Crosswalk Engine Proof-of-Concept
===

Cordova Crosswalk Engine is a part of a Proof-of-Concept for 
third party engines to work with Apache Cordova.  This currently only works with the
4.0.x branch of Apache Cordova found on GitHub, and as of yet, does not work with any
official Apache Cordova release.  This code should still be considered experimental.


Directions (We're still trying to automate more of this, sorry):

Android-only:

1. Pull down the `4.0.x` branch of [Apache Cordova](https://github.com/apache/cordova-android) found here (https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/tree/4.0.x)
2. Clone this repository.
3. Unzip the "Android webview" downloads at https://crosswalk-project.org/#documentation/downloads into the `libs/xwalk_core_library` directory and name (This branch works with v8 of Crosswalk)
4. Generate a project with `./bin/create`
5. Run Plugman: `plugman install --platform android --plugin <path_to_crosswalk_engine>/cordova-crosswalk-engine/ --project .`
6. Add the `libs/xwalk_core_library` as a dependency in `project.properties`. (Note: Relative Paths work for libraries, not absolute paths.  Manually edit if necessary.)

Cordova CLI:

1. Install the latest version of the Cordova CLI from npm (Requires at least 3.5.0-0.2.6)
2. Pull down the `4.0.x` branch of [Apache Cordova](https://github.com/apache/cordova-android) found here (https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/tree/4.0.x)
3. Clone this repository.
4. Unzip the "Android webview" downloads at https://crosswalk-project.org/#documentation/downloads into the `libs/xwalk_core_library` directory and name (This branch works with v8 of Crosswalk)
5. Create a project with `cordova create`
6. Add the Android platform with `cordova platform add <path to cordova-android>`
7. Add the Crosswalk Engine plugin with `cordova plugin add <path to crosswalk-engine-plugin>`

Commit message:

Add script to download Crosswalk library

README.md, after:



Apache Cordova Crosswalk Engine Proof-of-Concept
===

Cordova Crosswalk Engine is a part of a Proof-of-Concept for 
third party engines to work with Apache Cordova.  This currently only works with the
4.0.x branch of Apache Cordova found on GitHub, and as of yet, does not work with any
official Apache Cordova release.  This code should still be considered experimental.


Directions (We're still trying to automate more of this, sorry):

Android-only:

1. Pull down the `4.0.x` branch of [Apache Cordova](https://github.com/apache/cordova-android) found here (https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/tree/4.0.x)
2. Clone this repository.
3. Run `sh fetch_libs.sh` to download the Crosswalk library
4. Generate a project with `./bin/create`
5. Run Plugman: `plugman install --platform android --plugin <path_to_crosswalk_engine>/cordova-crosswalk-engine/ --project .`
6. Add the `libs/xwalk_core_library` as a dependency in `project.properties`. (Note: Relative Paths work for libraries, not absolute paths.  Manually edit if necessary.)

Cordova CLI:

1. Install the latest version of the Cordova CLI from npm (Requires at least 3.5.0-0.2.6)
2. Pull down the `4.0.x` branch of [Apache Cordova](https://github.com/apache/cordova-android) found here (https://github.com/apache/cordova-android/tree/4.0.x)
3. Clone this repository.
4. Run `sh fetch_libs.sh` to download the Crosswalk library
5. Create a project with `cordova create`
6. Add the Android platform with `cordova platform add <path to cordova-android>`
7. Add the Crosswalk Engine plugin with `cordova plugin add <path to crosswalk-engine-plugin>`

Requirements:

`fetch_libs.sh` requires `curl` and `unzip` to be installed, and on the current `PATH`.
